Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Diego!
What? Fuck off.
Ref!
-A red card? What do you mean?
-Cool it. Diego.
What's going on? Fuck!
What the fuck? You can all suck my dick!
Come down and play!
Leave me the fuck alone!
You're bailing on us!
Fucking leave me alone!
-Stop acting like a little brat!
-Me?
-You don't have what it takes.
-I've got plenty.
But no brains.
What about now?
What are you doing? Are you crazy?
He's been on my ass the whole game!
Take it easy. Look at me.
-No filming in here.
-It's my right as a reporter.
Stop fucking filming me!
THE CHAMPION
Atleti's new champion started out
just like any other small-town kid
with dreams of becoming a football star.
Thanks to his talent.
and his father's support.
Diego managed to catch the attention
of our country's most important clubs.
Hell yeah! Give me a hug. son!
You're fucking amazing. Great job!
At the start of this season.
at just 18 years old.
he fulfilled his dream of
signing with Atlético de Madrid.
But today. with only three matches left
in the La Liga season.
the polarizing red-and-white star
finds himself caught up in a scandal.
Atlético has issued a statement
accepting the two-game suspension
imposed on Diego by the Federation.
They're also internally investigating
if he should be suspended for another game
since the victim of the attack
was the red-and-white team's captain.
This statement has stirred controversy
among the Mattress Makers' fans
because. if the third-match suspension
of Diego is confirmed.
we would reach
the decisive final game of the season
with the team's top scorer on the bench.
We'd love to have him back
for the last game.
but I want it to be clear
that we're not willing to pay any price.
Wow. dude.
You better not go on Twitter.
What? Is it still trending?
Oh yeah. bro!
Let them run their mouths.
They'll come back.
-Diego.
-What is it. my queen?
-Let's go.
-Hell no.
-They're waiting on you.
-So what? Let them wait.
You really screwed up.
You have to face up to it.
Fuck!
They don't give a shit about me.
If this is too much for you.
take some time off.
Time off to do what?
What about you?
You don't have homes?
Does this look like a hotel?
His friends need to have his back.
Diego told us to stay. and it's his house.
All of this is his.
-Could you pass me a beer?
-Of course.
-You want it cold?
-Yeah.
-Here. have a cold one.
-What the hell?
-You're crazy!
-Are you stupid?
-What?
-And now what?
Do we want to keep this up?
You tell me.
The kid represents the club's values.
He's scored 11 goals in his first season.
-He'll get nowhere without discipline.
-Relax.
We all want the best for the kid.
Diego's a Ferrari.
his engine's overheated.
He just needs a pit stop. A media detox.
A media detox?
Yeah. A new image.
-What do you mean by that?
-To start. you will apologise.
Me? Apologise?
-You. apologise. yes.
-What if I don't want to?
Do as your agent says.
or the season is over for you.
But I'm the fucking top scorer.
I decide if you get to play.
You'll be suspended for two games.
-You decide if it will be three.
-Okay.
There's no room on this team
for hooligans.
Hello?
Yeah. I just talked to him.
What the fuck is a hooligan?
What makes a genius?
In the words of Charles Baudelaire.
"Genius is nothing more nor less
than childhood recaptured at will."
Can anyone offer me another definition?
Okay.
Psychology allows us
to classify different personality factors
that are typical of genius. such as…
Renfe Commuter Rail reminds you:
for your safety.
it is forbidden to cross the tracks.
Please use the available crossings.
Are you getting on?
Are you still afraid of people?
Alex! Hey. Alex!
What's going on?
I've been looking for you.
You won't answer your phone or WhatsApp.
I don't use WhatsApp.
-What did I give you a phone for?
-You tell me.
To talk. To get lunch someday.
To hear about you and your life.
What do you want?
I want you to relax.
Look at yourself.
And to offer you
a solution to your problems.
The solution is you leaving me alone.
There's zero risk this time.
One month. ten hours a week.
And you don't have to sell your house.
-I wasn't--
-I saw the ad online.
-And for dirt cheap. by the way.
-What do you care?
Alex.
The house is all you have left of Mom.
I'm offering you the cash you need.
It will be easy.
It's totally legal.
-And it's right up your alley.
-And what alley is that?
I'll tell you on the way.
We don't have much time.
Juanma.
I promise I won't go faster than 80.
METROPOLITANO STADIUM
I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
Juanma.
can you tell me what this is all about?
It's a press conference. Can't you tell?
-I'm not going in. There's so many people.
-Yes. you are.
I'll protect you. Let's go.
Don't touch me.
You know I don't like to be touched.
Take a seat over there.
What's going on here today?
Diego's giving a press conference.
Who is Diego?
All set. Time to go out there. champ.
No. I won't apologise.
-You just have to read.
-Read?
We wrote you a statement.
It's on the table.
-Why haven't I read it?
-I already read it. it's great.
Read. and try not to run your mouth.
Everything will be fine.
Good morning. everyone.
Thank you for coming.
"I've come here today
to ask for 'forgiveness'."
"That's why I want to announce 'pudli'…
publicly that…
that I will start taking
'inlensive' classes…
with the goal of finishing my education
that I gave up
to pursue a football career."
What the fuck?
To help Diego make this decision.
which is supported by the whole team.
we have one of
the best educational psychologists
in the country.
Alejandro Castro!
-What will the classes be like?
-Will they be a good thing for the team?
Hey. stop!
I don't know how I fit into all this.
The hardest part is behind you.
Now. just do your thing.
Two things. First. I'm not a psychologist.
-I do research.
-Who cares?
You're perfect for the job.
Your problem is
you don't know how to sell yourself.
And second. I hate football.
No. You hate Dad.
Okay.
Think it over.
You've never been offered a better job.
And the two of us can hang out.
What else do you want?
The truth is we're better off
living our separate lives.
You need the cash.
It's not all about money. okay?
ALEJANDRO CASTRO IS THE NEW PROFESSOR
FOR THE FOOTBALL PLAYER
FOR SALE
Yago. Rodrigo. apologise to this man.
-Fuck off!
-Are you Alejandro?
Yeah. that's me.
Look. Luismi. This is Alejandro.
We said three o'clock. That's crazy!
So much wasted space.
We have no margin.
The stock price has fallen 5%.
It has potential. don't you think?
No way. We'll cut into our profits.
That wall has to go.
Impossible. That's a load-bearing wall.
Well. that one. then.
No offence.
but this all looks really old-fashioned.
Hey. kid.
I'm sorry. but you can't touch this.
-Yes. I can.
-No. you can't. This is my house.
Not anymore. My dad's buying it.
Excuse me.
could you not touch my computer?
You have pictures
of kids on your computer.
There are so many books here!
Do you have comics?
Please. I told you not to touch anything.
I'm asking you nicely.
Wow. look what you've done!
Alejandro. we've thought it over.
and we'll sign right now.
But the old people furniture
and the books have to go.
I guess you're staying there.
TUES. 16 MAY
JUANMA - 50.000 €
Diego. keep going! Keep playing!
-Let's go! Come on!
-Yes.
Good!
I want to see
real commitment from the kid.
And payment at the start of the month.
You want. want. want. but give nothing.
Not even a good morning.
You did the right thing.
What would our asshole father say
if he saw us working together?
And looking so handsome. Come here. Smile.
Don't touch me. Juanma. Please.
Damn it! You're a fucking loser!
What the hell are you doing?
-What do you want?
-Where are you going?
Diego! Hit the showers.
-The showers?
-Hit the showers and cool off.
For fuck's sake!
He's a hothead. I don't know
what you want me to do.
Yes. he's a hothead.
But he's worth millions.
He needs a brain. not a teacher.
Fuck!
Announcing your lessons
worked like a charm.
It's really hitting home.
It's what we wanted.
the sponsors and the press
eating right out of our hands.
What do you say?
Yeah. son. It's a good look for you.
What do you think?
Besides. nobody's talking about
the headbutt anymore.
We'll sell this like a championship game.
And Alejandro is going to help us. Right?
I'm going to the restroom. Excuse me.
What's up? Are you into me or something?
Excuse me?
You've been staring at me the whole meal.
-You're sitting opposite me.
-I don't like being looked at.
-Then you picked the wrong job.
-I don't like your face.
You have no choice
but to put up with it for a while.
We'll see. I do whatever the fuck I want.
You got that?
It doesn't seem like it.
Out there. everyone talks for you.
Fuck! For God's sake!
It works better
if you put your hands underneath.
Listen. I pay you.
and you respect me. okay?
-Okay.
-Get the hell out of here.
Fucking hell.
Your zip.
For fuck's sake.
-Everyone on your marks.
-Let's go.
Ready. set. fuck you!
We're winning! Come on. run!
Get it in there. For God's sake.
Grab one!
Hurry up!
What are you doing? Come on!
The champion!
God's sake!
Cannonball!
What's Ceci doing?
What are you doing? That's mine!
-My phone!
-Ceci!
Out!
-Ceci. chill.
-I don't want them here.
Jesus. Ceci.
Ceci. honey. let's calm down.
Do you want him to get injured?
Does this seem normal to you?
If he can't play.
he needs to let off steam somehow.
He certainly isn't with you.
Ceci! Don't get mad.
If I catch you screwing around again.
you're really in for it. Got it?
We're almost there.
You might want to roll up the windows.
-Cars stress me out. I can't breathe.
-Suit yourself.
-How do you think the first day will go?
-Do you have experience with athletes?
-Is Diego really illiterate?
-Professor!
I warned you.
-Nuno.
-Good morning.
Professor. my man!
Good morning.
-Welcome.
-Thank you.
-All good?
-Yes. Thank you.
Follow me.
-Take that to my room. please.
-Yes. sir.
Thank you.
This works like a business.
We employ over 20 people.
It might sound easy to you.
but I spend all day
running around and organising everything.
-Everything in order?
-Yes.
Thanks. Professor. follow me.
Kale juice? Antioxidant effect.
It boosts your "leebido."
No. thank you. My libido is just fine.
Coffee?
No. I want to get started with the lesson.
-It's ten o'clock. Where's the kid?
-Downstairs.
Nice one. kids! Very good.
-Tito! What's up?
-Good morning.
Kale juice. dear.
-So tasty!
-Tasty. right? Good morning.
-Hello.
-Good morning.
Careful with these fucking stairs.
You wouldn't be the first to fall down.
But don't worry about it.
We've got everything set up for you.
Jackets. shirts. vests. shoes.
They're all in your size.
Just take your pick.
-I brought my own clothes. Thank you.
-That's the point.
-We just want you to look your best.
-What you see is what you get.
-Yeah. I can see that.
-Saray. honey. how's my champ doing?
He's almost ready.
When you're done. you can do him next.
-Okay.
-Great.
-No way I'm doing that.
-Saray's great.
You'll look ten years younger.
But you know I don't like being
-touched.
Alex. relax.
All of this is for the media. Don't worry.
It's the champ's first day of class.
You do your job. we do ours.
Fine. but I'm not doing that.
Yes. you are.
Yes. the artistic decisions
are part of your contract. Alejandro.
Excuse me. It's Steve.
Come here.
Let's liven up your face a bit.
Have a seat.
Okay. Everything's ready. How do you feel?
Fine. I get suspended.
and then you bring in this guy.
God's sake.
I ordered a Monster like three hours ago.
Where's the champ's Monster?
Let's go! Are you asleep. or what?
-Do I really have to do this?
-Yes.
-It's for your own good.
-Fucking hell.
What's that?
A book.
I don't like books.
Yes. obviously.
Don't make fun of me.
-I'm not making fun of you.
-I'm not stupid. you know?
An unasked-for excuse
is a clear accusation.
Can you talk like a normal person?
I won't look stupid in front of everybody.
But you don't mind if it's in a stadium?
Remember. don't look at the camera.
Act like it's not there.
Yeah. Forget about the camera.
-Saray!
-Like it's not there.
Okay. Quiet!
Let's touch up his forehead.
It's too shiny.
You look great. Come on!
Your brother is a fucking genius.
You're nothing alike.
My brother is a snake.
A genius is something else.
-Oh. yeah?
-Yeah.
A genius is the one most like himself.
-Okay. We're going live.
-Live where. Juan Manuel?
In five minutes. on the radio.
-What radio?
-Radio MARCA.
-I'm not doing it.
-It's in your contract.
…Atlético's golden boy.
We have his professor on the phone.
who'll tell us how his lessons are going.
Alejandro…
What's up?
-What's going on?
-Hey!
He's leaving?
Excuse me. Alejandro!
Master! You're forgetting this.
-You can't do this to me.
-You can't force me to be a circus monkey.
It's just an interview.
Tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. at my house.
No cameras. no cell phones.
no makeup. no father.
And without you. if possible.
Professor!
Good luck.
Yes.
Take that!
Babe. did you see that sweet goal?
Babe? What are you doing?
Your homework.
Are you joking?
The bed isn't for reading.
The bed is for doing other things.
Why don't you give it a try at least?
Because I don't need to.
Why should I read a fucking book?
You could listen to me
for once in your life.
But you live like a queen.
What else do you want?
I want you.
-I'm right here.
-I want the old Diego.
I am the old Diego. Only better.
Be careful. kid.
Look at this place. bro. It's got style.
What the fuck is this. bro? My God.
How is the book?
I don't like it.
The letters are too small.
How much did you say you make a month?
Probably what I spend on a dinner.
No. Do you write books?
-Yeah. I've written a book.
-How many did you sell?
-Stop recording me. please.
-It's for Instagram.
Turn off your phone. spit out your gum.
take off your headphones.
and have a seat. please.
What's that about being a genius?
Is that your thing?
That's not important.
We're here to confront your shortcomings.
My what?
Shortcomings.
Insufficiencies. scarcities. shortages.
-There's no shortage here.
-You have plenty of shortages.
You barely use 500 lexemes.
Use what?
Lexemes.
You need at least 1.000
to communicate decently.
The average person uses around 5.000.
And I don't think that you even use 10%.
Here.
Read. Don't rush through it.
Fully read each word in your mind.
And only say it once you're sure.
"I fell in love with football
as I was later to fall in love
with women."
"Subunly--"
"Suddenly."
"Suddenly…
-inexpilcit--"
-"Inexplicably."
You want me to read or not?
Diego.
you need to think about how each word
has a meaning within a sentence.
-Visualise it. and when you know how--
-Okay!
Okay. man. Okay.
Go on.
"inexplicably. and giving
no thought to the 'bain' to
to the pain. and the
or 'disup'
-or 'disupt'"--
-Diego. look closely.
I give up!
I give up. man.
Fuck!
You give up. but you have a problem.
What problem?
-You're dyslexic.
-You're asking to get smacked in the face.
You mix up letters. You confuse words.
You struggle to stay focused.
You have dyslexia.
One out of every ten kids have it.
Nobody told you that at school?
Everybody laughed at me at school.
But do you know what they do now?
They park my car for me.
That's what they do.
And this thing…
can it be cured?
No.
But it doesn't have to limit you in life
as long as you go through
the correct cognitive training.
Come on. Give it another try.
I'll never use that word
in my fucking life.
You see?
You've developed an avoidance behaviour.
-You have to face up to it.
-I don't give a fuck.
-Don't pretend you don't care.
-Care about what?
Improving. learning.
-I don't care.
-I don't believe you.
-I don't give a shit if you do.
-Yes. you do.
-And besides. you're ashamed.
-I'd be ashamed to be a loser like you.
That. I would be ashamed of.
Read.
You fucking suck. Alex.
Come on. give it a try.
You're really starting to piss me off.
"Giving no thought to the pain or…"
OR DISRUPTION
"Or disruption." Disruption!
Disruption! Fuck!
See? This is much better
than headbutting people. right?
Yes!
Good!
Okay. I've got to take off.
That was a great game. Give me five!
There we go! You rock!
Give me a kiss. hot stuff!
You're the best. Diego!
-Let's keep at it.
-The lesson was from ten to one o'clock.
Yeah. but you spent whole time playing.
And what do you want?
You want your neighbours
to think I'm a hooligan?
I'll give you homework for next class.
I don't have time for homework.
You've been suspended.
You've got all the time in the world.
Alright. Master. Fine.
But before I leave. if you don't mind.
I'm gonna take a dump.
Delightful.
Next class. I want you to bring me
five lexemes that are new for you.
Okay?
METROPOLITANO STADIUM
Go. guys!
God's sake. Adán!
They're going to steal the ball.
Fucking hell. Adán! What are you doing?
How can leave him unmarked?
What are they doing?
We'll lose the league.
Calm yourself down. son.
You want me to calm down?
I'm sorry. Dad.
Not here. Diego. knock that shit out.
Fuck!
Diego?
It's about time. It's almost over.
Come on. let's go.
No.
-No.
-Come on. They won't bite.
No. Juanma. I can't do it.
-It's just people enjoying themselves.
-They are thousands of screaming maniacs.
Thousands of people having fun.
embracing their inner child.
-That's football for you. Professor.
-No. I can't do it.
They are going to do
a photo shoot for MARCA.
Student and teacher watching together.
-It's in your contract.
-Yes. I know.
Can't you see how good you look
when you listen to me?
Okay. come on. Let's go.
Listen to me.
What?
Diego is dyslexic.
What are you talking about?
I'm telling you that Diego is dyslexic.
It's not something
you can treat overnight.
Come on. It's not a big deal.
Yes. it is a big deal.
He needs a specialist and ongoing therapy.
Look. Alex. Focus.
We give the press what they want.
and then we move on.
We won't change anything.
Exactly. He gets back on the field.
His father is happy.
I get my cut. You get yours.
And that's it.
-The kid's self-esteem is very low.
-He thinks he's the king of the world.
What am I doing here with you?
Fuck! I just want to be
out on the fucking field. Ceci.
Why the fuck won't they let me play?
You'll be out there in two weeks.
Yeah. go tell that asshole Delgado.
We'll see if it's true.
Everything will be okay. Please. trust me.
I'm an idiot.
and the whole world knows it.
And if they don't. they will soon.
I don't think you're an idiot.
And your teacher doesn't either.
Really? Have you seen how he looks at me?
Just like my old grammar teacher.
the one who called me a halfwit.
-A halfwit! This is all I'm good for!
-Diego. cut it out! For fuck's sake!
What do you want?
To just say. "fuck it all". Diego?
I'm so fucking sick of it!
Babe!
Babe. wait!
Babe. don't give up on me.
Don't give up on yourself. Diego.
And learn.
You need to learn
for your future after football.
Don't do it for your father or for me.
-Do it for yourself.
-Babe…
I know you can do it.
Hey. how do you get out of here?
-What are you doing here?
-Looking for the exit.
-We need to leave. Now!
-Why? What's going on?
Shit. If they see us.
they'll tear us apart.
-Why me?
-Go. run!
We've lost the chance
to secure the league title.
and we just have two games left.
Can someone explain to me
how we played today?
Nobody leaves until I get back.
You better not come with me.
There's an exit over there.
We can't lose hope now.
We still have two games ahead of us.
Cut the bullshit.
"Never stop believing" is our motto.
and you're the captain. right?
Yeah. but at least I was out on the field.
Yeah. What's your problem?
Guys! Why the fuck aren't we playing
like we know how?
They took the game to the left.
and what did we do?
We left the right wide fucking open.
That's why number seven
outplayed you. Águila.
That guy drove me crazy.
Paquito. you should've prevented that.
You guys have to move around.
But there was an even bigger problem.
The offensive runs were a dead giveaway.
-Fuck off.
-I saw it coming a mile away.
Get out of here.
I had a much better view
of everything from up there.
If Ferrera takes the ball down the wing.
and Bonilla moves ahead.
Romain is open on the left.
and we have Adán up front
ready to take a shot.
Adán is there to receive the pass.
but the defender
is watching him from behind.
But he's had issues
in every play in today's game.
The problem is
he was waiting for Bonilla's pass.
and when it came.
he turned towards the ball.
and he fucked up.
It's a fucking no-brainer.
But for every problem.
there's a good solution.
The first thing we have to do is get open.
If you make a good run. he won't know
whether to look at you or the ball.
You throw him off.
Bonilla receives the ball.
I see he's going to make a pass.
and I break through the defence.
How do I break through the defence?
I slip between the two midfielders.
You leave them feeling like dumbasses
without knowing who should go after you.
When the ball reaches you.
you've already left them in the dust.
Then you take possession of the ball.
turn towards the goal.
and there's only one thing left to do.
What comes next is we put the ball
through their fucking net!
Let's kick their asses! Let's go!
Pardon me. Who are you?
Nobody. I got lost.
I was looking for the exit. Where is it?
-That way.
-That way. Thanks.
Hi. it's your uncle Israel.
Your dad told me you're too busy.
but the town festival is on the 23rd.
and we miss you and Ceci.
If you could come play in our annual game.
that'd be awesome.
See you. big guy!
Master!
What's up? Are you lost?
Get in.
What an asshole!
Are you crazy?
You got me in trouble with Ceci.
-Let me out.
-She says to take the classes seriously.
Your girlfriend?
Yeah. Ceci.
She said to take them seriously.
-What you are doing?
-I'm dribbling down the wing.
-What do you mean dribble?
-If you want me. here I am.
You're going to get us killed!
Hold on tight.
Shit! Fuck!
How do you do it?
I lose my shit.
and I say. "You're in for it."
No. I mean…
the way you visualise spaces.
plan movements. your reflexes.
What you just did with the car.
Before in the locker room.
and with the Rubik's cube in my house.
You organise everything in your head.
How do you do it?
I just do it.
Here we go. And his wife says. "Honey.
I think you're obsessed with football.
and you're acting very foul."
And her husband says. "Foul?
I haven't even touched you!"
Have some wine.
No. thanks.
I'm on medication for anxiety issues.
Medication? We all have anxiety.
-It's okay.
-No thanks. Really. I'm okay.
Come on. Just one toast. that's all.
Okay.
Here we go. A toast to the future.
-To the future!
-There we go.
Let's go!
There are seven kinds of intelligence.
There's linguistic intelligence.
there's logical-mathematical intelligence.
there's bodily. musical. spatial.
interpersonal.
and intrapersonal intelligence.
And Diego has "debel"…
Excuse me. He has developed four of them.
But there are three that he…
-Which three are they?
-Hold on.
I think that's not sitting well
with your medication.
-Give me that.
-No. It's sitting great.
Check it out. he's got over his anxiety.
He doesn't have linguistic intelligence.
intrapersonal intelligence.
or interpersonal intelligence.
And you're completely wasted.
However. his spatial intelligence
reflects that of a genius.
Exactly. Like a genie.
Like the genie in the lamp.
Make three wishes.
Shut up. shut up. and shut up.
I think we should change
our classroom approach
to try to make the most of--
-Be careful!
-Whoa. there!
Excuse me.
To make the most of your potential.
Let's see. If I may.
Listen up. Diego.
This is you. A little spoon.
And these two are your teammates.
Observation. critical thinking. language.
What's the goal? Knowledge.
And this is what happens
if everything falls into place.
Nice one!
Babe! You kept that one tucked away.
Are you okay?
Yes.
Alex.
Hey Ceci. where are my clothes?
You have to help me. please.
Don't let Diego sign.
-Sign what?
-Your brother and Tito.
They're up to something.
Master! You dog.
How are you? Good morning.
Don't sweat it.
My father has tons of clothes.
You can borrow some.
You threw yours in the barbecue.
-Who. me?
-Imelda. bring the master some clothes.
Yes. the race. Benja. Teo.
You beat us all. Don't you remember?
I don't remember.
You're ripped. Do you work out?
-Good morning. my queen.
-Hello.
Does anyone know what time it is?
And where's my watch?
Look. Diego.
I just got your schedule for the week.
You've got a full plate.
Oh. and the agency called
and chewed me out.
-What's going on?
-What's up?
You haven't posted on Instagram
in two days.
Take a picture of me with the master.
Master! Smile.
Drink up. It'll cure your hangover.
Alright. Practice.
medical check-up. commercial shoot.
and the game against Betis in Seville.
-What about--
-Wait. Shut up.
We're still working on your public image.
Visit to the hospital
and a charity game with the kids.
What about the town match?
The festival begins tomorrow.
-What's the deal with the town?
-Isra asked me.
You can't. There's no time.
I'll talk to your uncle about it.
Maybe next year.
-Maybe next year.
-Yeah.
Oh. and I need you to sign two documents.
Here and here. It's for the foundation.
-You should read what you sign.
-I just said it's for the foundation.
-Jesus Christ!
-Sorry.
-Damn it!
-I'm sorry.
My bad. I was trying to grab a strawberry.
It's all good.
We'll print out another one.
Hello. professor.
Class last night was great.
Thank you.
Good morning.
So. this is your turf? Not bad.
-Want to come in?
-Me?
-Yeah. you could sit in on the class.
-I have practice.
Never mind.
Good morning.
"I felt possessed. I felt a calling."
"I was absolutely certain
I had been born to dance."
That's how Nureyev described his epiphany
when he snuck into
a performance of Swan Lake
when he was only seven years old.
He was born in a train car.
He grew up in extreme poverty.
The Soviet dictatorship
wanted to use him as a tool.
as an object of propaganda
to incite the masses.
Until in 1961.
while on a tour in France.
he was able to break free
from the tyranny that imprisoned him.
Only then. could he focus on
what he cared about the most:
dancing freely. without constraints.
How was he able to stand up
against the power that controlled him.
the unforgiving accumulation
of expectations
that had been thrust upon him?
He accepted the risks.
And he wanted to be free.
Had it not been for his bravery.
the world would've missed out
on the best ballet dancer in history.
A genius is the one most like himself.
A genius makes his own decisions.
DAD
Okay.
Master. start the car!
Come on. Okay.
Guys. excuse me.
I'm sorry.
but I have an accumulation of stuff to do.
I'm really sorry.
Thank you very much. everybody.
Bye.
-Drive!
-Okay.
-Drive. Master. They'll eat us alive!
-Buckle up.
Bye. Drive. Master.
Bye.
They're climbing on top of the car.
Drive. Master!
Good.
Pretty sweet car. right?
DAD
Warranty?
It's like a guarantee.
It insures you against risks.
Like cash.
Or honesty.
Monogamy.
An exclusive sexual bond.
So. you don't fuck much.
Rarely or often.
but always with the same person.
So. you use complicated lexemes
to say normal lexemes.
I use the lexemes
I believe to be pertinent
for each situation.
Pertinent.
Appropriate.
How can you live all alone?
No family. no wife. Don't you want kids?
No. not kids. Not a chance.
Why not?
-I wouldn't be a good father.
-I think you would.
I think I wouldn't.
Carry such a heavy weight around
my whole life? No way.
Everybody does. though.
Yeah.
but everybody carries it the wrong way.
God. You're such a worrywart.
I'm not a worrywart.
I just see things for what they are.
Not at all!
You just focus on the negative.
Think about it.
I want to have at least four kids.
And they're gonna have it all.
I'll buy them a nice house.
I'll buy them good food.
they'll wear nice clothes.
I'll even buy them lexemes. Alex.
It sucks seeing you so lonely.
I'll be right back.
Diego. Hey. Diego!
Relax. man.
I'm gonna give you a present.
Alex!
Why are you leaving?
You don't like them? We can find others.
-Diego.
-What?
People aren't presents. okay?
-I was just flirting.
-No. You were buying them.
I wasn't buying them. They wanted to come.
Yes. you were buying them.
You just don't see it.
It's not like you're here
with me for free.
Exactly. You bought me too.
And here's the deal.
I teach you. and you learn.
That's all there is to it. Got it?
There are no personal implications.
Get that into your head.
Hey. man. Are you okay?
Hey. Diego. Holy shit. you're Diego.
Dude. that's Diego!
I'm a big fan!
Let's take a picture for my old man.
Now's not the time. I'm busy.
-I'll kiss your feet. I'll suck your dick.
-Not now!
-What do you mean?
-Now's not the time!
-Just stand right there.
-I said no!
Don't touch me! Leave me alone!
Who do you think you are?
-Leave. please.
-Who are you?
-Show him some respect!
-Seriously. leave.
-Are you his dad?
-No.
Don't touch him!
That's enough! Get out!
Thank you. Eusebio.
Anything for you.
-You got half hour. My job is at risk.
-Okay. don't worry. Here.
Make yourself at home. Go. Atleti!
Go. Atleti!
Hey. Where are you going?
The first time at a football stadium.
I sat in section 45. like this one.
My father was a die-hard Mattress Maker.
As soon as we were born.
he signed me and my brother up
as club members.
It was the cup final against Real Madrid.
The 77th minute.
Paolo Futre went sprinting
like a madman down the wing.
trying to take on the goalkeeper.
but the defence closed in on him.
He cut back. and. at the top of the box…
he fired a rocket…
that left the goal shaking.
Poor Paco Buyo didn't even see it.
Just imagine.
the whole stadium erupted into cheers.
I looked at my brother.
We hugged each other.
We started shouting. "Atleti!"
I turned to hug my father. but he…
He wasn't there.
I realised he'd put…
a 1.000-peseta bill in my pocket and…
and a letter for my mother.
And he didn't come back?
When I got home.
I locked myself in my room.
And I tore down my poster of Futre.
Well. when I was a kid.
I would also go to all the football games
with my father.
I dreamed of playing for Atleti.
the best team in the world.
I would dream of winning the league title.
And here I am.
And I'll be here until I retire.
When Mom died.
I swore I wouldn't stop
until I was number fucking one.
until I was
the greatest player of all time.
For her.
But…
I don't have it in me.
And what do you need to have?
I don't know. but I don't have it.
And what about you?
Did you always want to be a teacher?
Fuck no.
I wanted to be a rock star.
A rock star.
Goal!
Come on. Master! Let's go!
No.
Hey!
That's a penalty. by the keeper.
Okay.
-This is where I fucked up last time.
-It's all in your head. Diego. Let's go.
Take that!
If they let me play on Sunday.
I want you to come watch me.
-No. That's not possible.
-Come on. Section 45.
I'll score a goal for you.
Do it for me. please.
I want you to find your love
for football again. I'll help you find it.
Come on. What do you say?
I can't…
Who is it?
Babe!
Diego. where are you?
Look out the window.
What are you doing?
Listen. your dad is really pissed.
You didn't show up
for commercial shoot or for practice.
We've got something important to do.
FAIR AND FESTIVAL OF ROSARIO
MAY 15TH TO THE 19TH
Did you see how nice it turned out?
Please. my little brother
can make a much better one.
What are you talking about. girl?
Just look at it!
-Girl!
-What's up. babe?
How are you? Long time no see!
There he is!
-Uncle Isra!
-What are you doing here?
The ogre let you come?
-I snuck away.
-Well done. kid. Well done.
Your mother would be
so happy to see you in town.
-I'll let everyone know.
-Go for it.
Girls. let's take a picture.
Yes. please! Can you take it. Alex?
Diego. sit in your old seat.
Say cheese on three.
One. two. three.
-Cheese!
-Let me see!
-Let's see how it turned out.
Oh. I love it!
You look so pretty!
Yeah. I love it. Come on.
You liked it better out there. right?
Diego!
Goal!
This is a fucking disaster.
We told the club he'd attend every game.
-So what? The campaign is working.
-Yeah. It's working fucking wonders.
-When I find him. I'll kill him.
-Let's not get all riled up.
-This is just a small setback.
-A small setback?
We have no idea where my son is.
for God's sake.
-We're going to hit the jackpot.
-We better.
Wow! What an awesome day.
We'll get chewed out when we get home.
You'll see.
How would you say "chew out."?
Reprimand.
Cool.
Look at him.
I haven't seen him
this happy in a long time.
Thank you so much. Alex.
Look. I'm just giving him tools.
You're the one who's really helping him.
Well. you know that's not true.
The dude at the register
was wearing my shirt.
You should've seen
his face when he saw me.
Seriously. today was an epiphany.
Oh. please!
Hey!
Never again. You got it?
Never ignore my calls again.
-Ceci. go upstairs.
-No.
Ceci. please.
You can't just do whatever you want.
So I just have to do
whatever the fuck you want?
Don't disrespect me. okay?
What about me?
Where the fuck is my respect?
This is what I get after all I've done?
Let's go! There we go.
Professor. my man!
How are the lessons going?
Well. Diego is making a lot of progress.
I didn't know
the lessons included excursions.
Okay. kids. Good game!
We're putting an end to these classes.
-What?
-He's not cut out for studying.
He was born to do this.
Nuno will take you home.
Are you firing me?
I don't want you near my son ever again.
You got that?
-We have to go. Professor.
-Yes! I'm going to play!
Alex. you're gonna see me play!
I'm not a hooligan anymore!
Let's go.
I don't know if the club forgave me.
All I can say
is that this league belongs to Atleti!
Let's give the best surprise in the world
to the best player in the world.
Diego!
Yeah!
You guys are the best. I love you so much.
-You deserve it.
-Thanks.
Drink up! Hell yeah!
-Hey. is Ceci not coming down?
-Forget about her.
Don't let her ruin your night.
Enjoy yourself. man!
Guys. I'm gonna go get changed.
Babe. this is crazy.
They love me out there.
Diego. you have a game tomorrow.
And I'll be in bed at midnight.
just like Cinderella.
Here. let me.
Wow!
It looks great. So handsome!
Do you know what looks good on me?
Look. You look good on me.
-I can't argue with that.
-The best thing in the house.
Oh. by the way. I can't forget about this.
-I don't have pockets.
-I'll hold it for you.
Thanks. baby.
Don't even think about
mentioning your brother.
-We'll talk about that later.
-Why? What's going on?
-Do you want to join him?
-I closed the deal with the Brits.
-Fuck off. Really?
-We'll sign after the game.
Holy fucking shit! That's great.
Let's fucking go! Fuck yeah!
-Tito.
-Diego can't know about it yet.
-This stays between us.
-Okay.
Nice fucking work. you motherfucker.
Tito. partner! Go have a drink and relax.
-I need to talk to him.
-I don't care.
-Come on.
-I'm telling you--
-Hands off.
-What's up?
Your brother.
-Hey. stop!
-Okay.
-What are you doing here?
-What's going on? Why ignore my calls?
Like you do to me?
You're not part of this anymore.
If we're done with classes.
I want to tell Diego myself.
-Where are you going?
-To talk to Diego. I just told you.
Okay. Nuno. Let him go.
I'll handle it. Really.
Alex…
Hey. are you okay?
-This was all just a charade. right?
-What?
You've been using me. and Diego as well.
Aren't you supposed to be
the mature brother?
And?
-Who cares about the lessons?
-Diego cares about them.
No. He wants to be number one.
the best in the world.
and that's all he's
wanted since he was five.
And how do you know what the kid wants?
Because I represent players
all over Europe.
And I know these kids.
They have a dream.
They are winning horses
who have gone all in on one race.
They want to taste the fame.
glory. and money.
And you know what?
I know how to give it to them.
Because I'm the best at my job.
Alex. I love my life.
Life isn't just about winning.
What you have is a shitty. empty life.
You're using the kid
to fill that emptiness.
Diego is signing with Manchester.
It means he'll play
at the highest level at 20 years old.
Any kid his age would give their life
for a chance like that.
Their life.
-Diego's dream is to play for Atleti.
-I know what he wants. Trust me.
And deep down. so do you.
-I just want to help him.
-Then leave him alone.
It's best if you leave
without making a fuss.
Right now Diego needs to focus.
Nuno. my brother is leaving.
It's best if he doesn't see you here.
We'll talk to him. okay?
Here's your check. Go home. man.
Rest up. pay your bills. write a book.
Go get laid. but leave the kid alone.
He wants to play football.
Don't worry. He'll forget all about you.
Master. where are you going?
-I'm going home.
-Already?
Yeah. you know that I…
My head is about to explode.
My father told me
we won't have any more lessons.
Now is not the time.
Really?
He also told me you got paid 100 grand.
and you're taking off.
What's wrong?
You can't talk about that either?
It was all a fucking lie.
You take the money
and leave like everyone else.
-You're a fucking traitor!
-Drive.
-You're just like everyone else.
-Diego!
Diego.
Leave me alone!
All of you. leave me the fuck alone!
I don't know.
-Are you okay?
-I don't know.
Move!
-Juanma. Diego's on his way.
-How's his ankle?
It's pretty bad.
But don't worry. he won't play today.
This is important.
If the Brits find out his leg is injured.
we're in big trouble.
No. My son won't go out on the field.
I hope not. Nobody wants a star who limps.
He's not going to play. Don't worry.
-Tito.
-Get the contract ready.
We'll sign it.
Hey!
Hi. Dad.
I can play.
No. son. There's no way you're playing.
At least let Arsenio examine me.
I said no.
I won't risk your career over one game.
What are we?
A team.
What's our goal?
-To make me a champion.
-Fuck yeah.
I'll never let you down. son. Never.
Diego! I have a question.
He can't play like this.
I think injection is the only option.
Cortisone will relieve the pain.
but only temporarily.
But the injury could be at risk
of worsening significantly.
It's your choice.
Come with me.
Let's forget about Diego.
Today is do or die.
It's do or die!
Let's go!
WHAT MAKES A GENIUS?
Alex. what happened?
Nothing. The contract is cancelled.
He gave me this for you.
Thanks.
Go on. you're going to be late.
…watch the game here at home.
and it's really very exciting.
Atlético de Madrid
may still win the league championship
at their home stadium
in front of their fans.
A win here is crucial to make it happen.
Winning this game is their only option.
Ring me up. please.
…a lot of excitement. full of energy.
and I told my teammates.
"Who would have said that we'd make it
to the last game of the championship.
with the chance of winning the title?"
What do I owe you?
I am confident in the work
the team has put in and I hope…
Four-fifty.
…throughout the whole season.
and we can celebrate with our fans at home
and give them the joy that they deserve.
And tonight. at long last.
Diego is back playing with his team.
After suffering two unforgivable defeats.
the team has recovered their star player
and hopes to break their losing streak.
That's what the fans long for.
a sentiment shared by Diego himself.
with whom we exchanged a few words
before he entered the locker room.
Being in the starting line-up
isn't up to me.
It's up to the coach.
But of course I would love to.
And I'd also love to live up
to the accumulation of expectations
that the fans have of me.
Thank you very much.
Diego. one question.
What's your opinion--
Excuse me. Are you free?
-Yeah.
-Thank you.
Talk to you later.
Buckle your seatbelt.
Metropolitano Stadium. please.
Let's go.
-How are you. man?
-What's up? How are you?
Fine. and you?
-I'm fine. All good.
-Let's see what happens tonight.
Hi. how are you?
How are you? Hello.
How are you doing?
-We're going to win today.
-Yes. I hope so.
How are you?
Atleti! Atleti! Atlético de Madrid!
Playing. winning. you fight like the best
The fans always shake with passion
When you become the champion
And you see a real team before the ball
Diego!
Tonight. Atlético will play
for the league title.
The red-and-whites need to win.
That's their only path
to winning the championship.
We have received news from the bench
that Diego will be not playing.
Atlético de Madrid will play
with Beato as their keeper.
A five-man defence line
of Tejerida. Nikima…
Why isn't the kid playing?
Are they stupid or what?
…attacking midfielder for Álvaro Sánchez.
up front in attacking position…
It's the Brits.
-They'll ask why he isn't playing.
-Go take care of it.
Okay.
Danger here. Valencia counterattacks.
Be careful at the centre!
Goal!
Valencia scores!
So long. league title! Atlético is…
…they need to score two goals.
Two goals to…
METRO - METROPOLITANO STADIUM
Can I help you?
Section 45.
The next door. right by the bar.
You're fucking asleep out there!
-Get open!
-Fucking put the kid in!
What are you doing? You can all eat shit!
This is fucking bullshit!
No foul!
Hey!
Diego! Hey!
Diego!
Holy shit! Diego wants to play! Let's go!
…for fucking once!
Come on. Put him in! Let's go!
He's going to be sold.
The kid is going to be sold.
-What are you saying?
-They're selling him to Manchester.
It's already been settled.
behind the club's back.
How do you know that?
You're his teacher.
Holy shit. it's Diego's teacher!
-He says he's going to Manchester!
-What?
Shut up! He's not leaving!
He's staying to play in all the games!
God fucking damn it!
He's staying to play for my…
I'll make sure he plays in all the games!
You don't know shit!
-Diego's not for sale!
What's going on?
-Motherfucker!
-Tito!
Diego's not for sale!
-What are they saying?
-Go back to the bench.
Move! Don't you dare inject him!
You can't be in here.
-My son won't be playing.
-Yes. I will.
Over my dead body!
Diego. son.
-Please. just listen to me.
-No.
No.
Do you have something to tell me?
-We heard you're going to Manchester.
-That's a lie!
-Hey!
-Let go!
-Stop!
-Calm down or get out.
Don't you see?
These people can't stand you.
They're jealous.
They just want to fuck you over.
Grab your things and come with me.
-You know what? You're a fucking moron!
-Hey!
-You can't even spell your own name.
-Calm down or get out.
You'd be nobody without me.
You'd be fucked without me!
You hear that?
He can't play
with his fucking ankle like that!
Call security. Get the hell out of here!
I'm gonna kill you. motherfucker!
Son. come with me.
I'm gonna sue the shit out of you. son!
Arsenio.
Diego's coming out!
Diego!
-What happened?
-He's gonna screw it all up.
For God's sake.
Up!
Diego!
I'm okay.
Okay? Good. Let's go!
Let's go. Diego!
If he busts his ankle.
there's no contract.
Come on. run.
Hey!
Go back! Behind you!
Yes! Come on!
Goal!
Diego!
Go!
You'll break him. you son of a bitch!
Get up. man!
Yes! Let's go. throw it!
Hey! Diego!
Goal!
Atleti!
Héctor! Fucking listen to me for a moment!
What's my son doing on the field?
You're going to break him.
I'm gonna sue the shit out of you.
You'll break him. He's injured.
Diego!
-Three minutes. You good?
-Yes.
-You sure?
-Yes. I'm good.
Héctor!
Diego!
Son of a bitch!
One. two. three.
-How are you?
-Fine.
-You're okay?
-Yes.
-Can you do it? Are you sure?
-Yes! Don't worry.
I'll shoot!
Let's go!
I'll shoot. Adán.
-You've earned it.
-Let's win this.
-You can do this.
-Thanks.
Come on!
Subtitle translation by: Lee Pollard